The problem statement is
you will be given a linked list and you need
to find nth node from it
So a linked list and a value n will be
given and you need to find and print the
nth node of that linked list
So here if the given index is two, the node at
index two which is 30 at address 3024 should be
returned.
And if the given index is four, which is out of
size, so return -1
So your task is to write the logic for getting nth
node from a linked list and submit it using the below
compiler.
See some sample inputs and corresponding outputs. If the given
input linked list is 10 20 30 40 and given index is one
then the expected output is 20.
And if the given linked list is 10 20 30 40
and given index is three, then expected output is the value 40.